- discussed graham scan
- discussed potential output file types (DOT, .poly)
- discussed supplemental algorithms to implement after the required graham scan is completed
- created meeting schedule
- discussed what we want to have done by next meeting (11-18-20)
- discussed use of GitHub to journal who has done what and when
